Create ui-c8y-1021-37-6-add-messages-for-texts-of-events-sent-by-the-cumulocity-data.md (#2932)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-37-6-add-messages-for-texts-of-events-sent-by-the-cumulocity-data.md

---
date: ""

> title: Add messages for events sent by the Cumulocity DataHub microservice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Added messages for events sent by the DataHub microservice
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62551
version: 1021.37.6
---

> Recently, the Cumulocity DataHub was updated to send events to the Cumulocity platform in case an offloading or compaction job finishes. Therefore, new messages for the Cumulocity platform were introduced to translate these events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recently, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} DataHub was updated to send events to the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform in case an offloading or compaction job finishes. Therefore, new messages for the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform were introduced to translate these events.
```
